EXAMPLE

Daily Activities at Home
-   I wake up at 7am every morning.
-   I press the snooze button five times every morning before I turn off the alarm and get up.
-   I have a cup of coffee and make breakfast. I usually read the newspaper while I have breakfast. My children like to have a shower after they have breakfast but I like to have a shower before I get dressed.
-   My wife brushes her long hair, and I have short hair so I comb my hair. How do you do your hair in the morning?
-   It is important to brush your teeth, and some women like to put make-up on. 
-   After I have finished work, I go home to cook dinner. In my house I usually make dinner. The family eat dinner together at 7:30pm.
-   After dinner I make sure that my children do their homework, and then I chill out on the sofa and watch television. 
-   On television I usually watch the News. My wife usually comes to tell me to take the rubbish out, or wash the dishes. 
-   Our children feed the dog and the cat before they go to bed and I tell them to go to the bathroom too. 
-   If I am sick I have to take my medication, but then I get into my pyjamas and set the alarm so I wake up in the morning. 
-   The last things I do is lock the door, turn off the lights, and go to bed.
-  It doesn't take me long to fall asleep.

Daily Activities at Work
-   I go to work at 8.45am every morning.
-   I usually drive to work.
-   I always check my emails when I get to work, but I don't always reply to them immediately.
-   I take a taxi or a train if I have a lunch meeting. I never take the bus because it is too slow. 
-   When I am at my desk I usually work on the computer, even during morning tea.
-   At 1pm most days I have lunch.
-   At 3pm we have afternoon tea, and that is when we usually talk and eat cake. 
-   When you are in the office you probably have a lot of papers. It is important for you to file your papers, and so that you can find them again you need to organise your files. 
-   When I work I have to make telephone calls. If an important issue happens I ask my secretary to organise a meeting.
-   Once a month I report to my boss, but maybe you have to report to your boss more often. I usually write a document that my boss can read.

Other Daily Activities
I exercise at least three times a week.
I usually go to the gym before work, but sometimes I go after work.
I meditate every morning so that I feel less stressed during the day.

Weekly Activities
-   I go grocery shopping once a week at the local supermarket.
-   My family does the housework together every Saturday morning.
-   I usually do the washing on Sunday morning and when the machine is finished I hang the clothes out to dry.
-   On Sunday morning we go to church, and if there is lots of noise coming from next door, sometimes we fight with the neighbour.
-   On Saturday night my parents stay at home and I go out with friends.
-   Even my friends that live at home call their parents each week. 
-   Every evening, I water the garden. 
-   I usually pay someone to wash the car, but my partner says I should do it, so sometimes I argue with my partner about that. 
-   If we are angry at the neighbour, we seek vengeance by annoying his dogs.  
-   I work in an important office, so I have to shine my shoes each day. 
-   Sometimes we hire a movie, because we don't like to illegally download music and films. I make sure that I synchronise my iPod so I always have new music on it.
-   To get our shopping, we go to the mall in the car. 
-   Last week I forgot to recharge my travel card, and I had to argue with a bus driver. I couldn't call the office because I forgot to recharge my cellphone!

